README.md, before:

# generator-express-resource [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/brennanmeadowcroft/generator-express-resource.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/brennanmeadowcroft/generator-express-resource)

## Getting Started

### What is Yeoman?

Trick question. It's not a thing. It's this guy:

![](http://i.imgur.com/JHaAlBJ.png)

Basically, he wears a top hat, lives in your computer, and waits for you to tell him what kind of application you wish to create.

Not every new computer comes with a Yeoman pre-installed. He lives in the [npm](https://npmjs.org) package repository. You only have to ask for him once, then he packs up and moves into your hard drive. *Make sure you clean up, he likes new and shiny things.*

```bash
npm install -g yo
```

### Yeoman Generators

Yeoman travels light. He didn't pack any generators when he moved in. You can think of a generator like a plug-in. You get to choose what type of application you wish to create, such as a Backbone application or even a Chrome extension.

To install generator-express-resource from npm, run:

```bash
npm install -g generator-express-resource
```

Finally, initiate the generator:

```bash
yo express-resource
```

### Getting To Know Yeoman

Yeoman has a heart of gold. He's a person with feelings and opinions, but he's very easy to work with. If you think he's too opinionated, he can be easily convinced.

If you'd like to get to know Yeoman better and meet some of his friends, [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com) and [Bower](http://bower.io), check out the complete [Getting Started Guide](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman/wiki/Getting-Started).


## License

MIT

Commit message:

Change controller structure for better routing

README.md, after:

# generator-express-resource [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/brennanmeadowcroft/generator-express-resource.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/brennanmeadowcroft/generator-express-resource)

Generator-Express-Resource is a Yeoman generator for creating CRUD endpoints and the associated unit tests for a given resource quickly.  It simplifies the process of writing the routes, connecting them to a database and writing working tests.

## Getting Started

Make sure that you have Yeoman installed

```bash
npm install -g yo
```

### Yeoman Generators
To install generator-express-resource from npm, run:

```bash
npm install -g generator-express-resource
```

Finally, initiate the generator:

```bash
yo express-resource
```

## Dependencies
This generator creates routes designed to be used inside an ExpressJS application which uses


### TODO:
* Accept previously used responses to prompts as defaults in a project
* Generate test/index.js if one isn't present
* Add call to controller inside index.js so user doesn't have to remember


## License

MIT
